# Meta information about the nodeset execution.

As of July 2022 CoreKraft generates meta information during nodeset execution. A small part of this information is generated by the CoreKraft and the rest is generated by the various plugins.

The execution meta information consists of `mandatory` part and `optional` parts. 

* The `mandatory` information (tiny amount) is generated always and can be accessed during the execution by plugins and scripts to enable them to adjust their functionality according to the results of the execution so far. 

* The `optional` information is generated only if the relevant flag is specified in appsettings configuration:

```JSON
"KraftGlobalConfigurationSettings": {
    "GeneralSettings": {
        // ....
        "MetaLogging": "Basic,Trace,Debug,Output,Profile", 
        //Possible values: None, Basic, Trace, Debug, Log, Profile, Output
        // ...
```

In production it is recommended to use the flag `None` only. The mandatory meta information will still be generated, but nothing else. 

The `Output` flag signals that the meta information should be returned in the response if possible (depends on the response kind - if there is a way to include the data or not.)

The `Basic` flag deserves special attention as it is intended for information which is not critical, but still can be used in some rare scenarios to affect the execution. A good example is the ADO reporting as mandatory only the `rowsaffected` value, because it can be the deciding factor for the nodeset execution after certain point. However if `Basic` is set it will also report for each result fetched from the database the number of rows returned and the number of fields of the result. In some database designs this can be useful for the processing - e.g. determining the availability or the size of the result of a query that supplies the data needed in child nodes. 

Still, in almost all cases where one can consider the `Basic` flag there is usually another, better way to achieve the desired result. So, the flag is available just in case this is not possible for some reason.

TO BE CONTINUED ....